---
layout : post
title : Week 13
---

#### Godot
I have made a lot of progress with the project. On Thursday, I abandoned the demo project to focus on documentations of Godot's nodes(a Game Object). Although, I didn't finish the demo, the experience made me familiar enough with some nodes to properly document. I made my first pull request by presenting updated documentations that I thought would fit more to the standards set by Godot's [documentations writing guidelines](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/community/contributing/docs_writing_guidelines.html). The pull request [#38579](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/38579) had a lot of responses as I found out on Saturday, with some suggesting some changes weren't necessary while others suggest more changes to made on the pull request. On that day I also made another pull request[#38601](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/38601) but for two files where I added more information for documentations on certain nodes that I was really familiar with.(AnimatedSprite and SpriteFrames) I also opened an issue [#38599](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/38599) about an error I found in the editor, in which the bottom panel of the editor disappears after selecting SpriteFrames and then going to the Script Editor. On Sunday, the issue  turned out to be similar to another issue [#16164](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/16164) in 2018, though that one was worded differently. But I got another suggestion on my first pull request to apply a change to one line to certain other lines on the KinematicBody2D file to keep consistency. They also requested similar changes to the other KinematicBody documentation file, so I made another pull request[#38644](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/38644).

#### Balancing Makers and Takers

At the part where the article says "as the Open Source community grows, their governance model needs to change", I was worried that type of change would intefere with the spirit of open source. But at the same time, I agree that Open Source's structure be difficult to manage if the community grows. I also appreciate that the author of this article wants Open Source companies to become more prominent, instead of a niche type of company. However, I'm worried that if we're not careful in the pursuit to make Open Source more easier to manage, we run the risk of the business part overtaking the original decentralized spirit of Open Source, which would make the concept of an Open Source company moot. I agree with his definitions of Makers and Takers and how the latter is holding back the Open Source community. Takers are primarily the group that I'm worried would have more influence on the Makers and would overturn Open Source's spirit if there comes a chance to change the governance model to maintain a growing community. Especially the part of the article where it described the options the three models for scaling Open Source, self-governance, privatization and centralization, and I worry Takers would lean more to privatization in the pursuit of profits, while using Open Source's trait of dependency on volunteering to exploit employees by just taking their free work paying for free labor.
