----
layout: post
title: Week 8
----
My activities relating to the semester project was discussing with my team members on how to communicate, ever since we had to adapt to our new remote distancing classes. We decided to work together on a Discord server, though I wonder if there is another chatroom app which has more privacy?

As much as I hope the coronavirus situation will let up, the remote distance classes are actually very convenient for me.
I commute from New Jersey and usually I had to leave early in order to get to this class on time. You can say the online class means I have more hours to sleep. 
Also hearing the lecture with my earphones, actually helps me focus more. I have problems with attention, so this class can help me
more. Even after this whole virus crisis lets up, I hope Hunter would look more into the potential of online classes built like the remote distance classes, at least as an option for students that commute far or out of state from the college.
It's most likely in 4 to 8 weeks, we will still be taking remote distance classes but we'll be a lot more used to it. In fact, I think American society would be a lot more used to being indoors even after the coronavirus crisis. I wonder how this will affect America's culture. Would this contribute to the online culture, since now the ones who use participate the most in online culture would have more time than before? At most, I can see a lot of events and businesses become much more adapted to videochat and livestreaming.
