---
layout : post
title : Week 12
---

#### Godot

For Godot, I have just recently started making some contributions by providing translations to some documents on Saturday. I got inspired by rereading the Contributing document and how it mentioned contributing to Godot's translation as its own section. Apparently, it uses another open source website "Hosted Weblate" to handle all of the contributions for its translations. I figured I can help with translations, seeing that my family and I are bilingual in Spanish (though I'm not as fluent in Spanish sadly). Throughout the coming week I wish to create more translation contributions while I work on what I think will be my biggest contribution to Godot. After looking at tutorials on the engine, one of the tutorial gave an advice that the best way to contribute is make a short game using the engine. Seeing that I'm already experienced with game programming, I feel it is for the best that I make a short game demo to provide for maybe the Godot demo projects repository, and have my project be reviewed and, maybe if I'm lucky, get its pull request accepted. 

#### Musings on Open Source Software Business Models

I liked Tom Calloways descriptions for these business models for how informative they are. Some of the models make sense in the perspective of businesses still in the process of accepting open source. Some like consultancies and subscription offerings seems to act like a compromise to businesses who still want to receive some profit despite dealing with what's usually for free. I believe donations are one of the most well known cases of money and open source working together for even people unfamiliar with open source. I assume everyone who has internet connection uses Wikipedia which is known to frequently ask for donations to keep it online and free for the masses. I personally think the business model FUD is the most controversial, as its well aware that it wants to scare off users from using the free version in order to get them buy their license with stricter rules on how to use it. I think open source can work if the business is having trouble processing feedback from their customer and would get new blood for their company by a productive demonstration of their skill and commitment to their company. However, if the company only produces open source software, I would be hesitant to join. Mostly due to the implications that the contract policies would be much more complicated and the implications that the companies would just focus on the customers contributing to their open source projects instead of focusing on proper payment to the employees paid to program the software in the first place.

#### Election Fraud Open Source Solution

Even before reading the article, I was interested in the subject, especially since we have an important election coming this fall. A completely electronic voting ballot somewhat worries me because of the risk of elections being hacked or just malfunctioning and interrupting our democratic process. Most of all we have to worried about a lot of things that are out of the hands of the people, such as the manufacturers of the machines and how they affect the electronic ballot's ability to process votes and whether they can affect them during the process. An open source solution would fix the feeling of our process being under the control of a few people, as it would promote trust from the people outside of the manufacturer. However, I agree that licenses can be complicated as even people outside of the manufacturer can be shady and affect the voting process negatively. Though the open source solution might still exclude people who aren't as tech savvy as the contributer, at least the metaphorical wall will be because of knowledge instead of depending on the trust that the manufacturers made something that is dependable and respectful to the voting process.
