---
layout : post
title : Week 10
---

#### Wikipedia

In the beginning of the week I've made edits to two Wikipedia articles, as seen in my Contributions page. I've written more in these two edits than my last previous two Wikipedia edits. One edit was towards a section about a movie's soundtrack. I wanted to make it more streamlined, so I rearranged the sentences to an order that I think flows much better. Before, the paragraph started off talking about a scene with music that wasn't about a soundtrack. So I moved that sentence to later in the paragraph and immediately made the sentences summarizing the soundtrack's content and release as the first sentences instead. My next edit was towards a list of unofficial fanmade games for a video game franchise. This edit was my first time that I added a source, which was the first time I searched for accurate sources for a Wikipedia edit, while making sure that the citation was proper. I hoped to get used to citation by finding more articles requiring sources, or adding edits that would require sources anyways. The last Wikipedia edit I did for the week of April 5-12 was on an article about rail transport in fiction, in which I added some entries and some more details.

#### Blog Edits

I've edited two blogs in the first half of this week, making two contributions to the latter blog. Two edits in each blogs were minor grammar edits containing comma additions and some capitalizations to some names. Later in the week, I edited a third blog with capitalizations, comma additions and more grammar checking. In the second blog I edited, I was confused about the grammar of one sentence. The sentence started with a "However", related to its previous sentence, but it didn't contrast it and instead seemed like it was expanding it. So I opened an issue with the author of the blog asking if maybe its best to change the adverbial conjunction. Like switching "However" with "Therefore". Finally, in April 19, I contributed to another blog who turned out to be the blog of one of my partners by making some minor grammar checks. 

#### Godot

For Godot, my team and I made a big progress by starting to contribute to the repository itself. Though we didn't contribute to the main repository, we contributed to a repository specifically for demos and projects. I first opened up an issue I found about a demo that wouldn't open properly despite installing it. The core contributors responded and told me that I should bring the issue to the demo's very own repository. I did that while being surprised that each demo project and template from Godot has their own repository. My next contribution was providing for a request for a clean version of some pictures from a request thread. The request thread had pictures that was offered as a new map for a 2D shader template from Godot. However, the maps had white artifacts so users from the thread were asking for clean edits of the map. Even though the request thread was from 2018, I provided clean edits by using Clip Studio Paint to remove the artifacts. Originally after posting in the thread with the zip file containing the clean edits, I opened a proposal asking if they would take my clean edits. However, through the advice of my professor, I closed that proposal as it would probably not be a suitable way to import my edits besides answering the thread with the zip file.

#### Covid19 - Folding@Home

On April 18, I took the time to look at the article about Folding@Home. It had a nice introduction about how a virus works similar to a protein, and the thought process in using a protein's behavior for their project. By making a simulation of proteins, researchers can properly learn how the virus behaves and make the process in finding a cure quicker. However, the project requires massive computer power to create multiple simulations of the virus protein, so it's asking for computers to download the project so that it can use part of the CPU to run simulations in the background. I want to hear more from people who downloaded the project and how it affected their computer. While I want to contribute, I wonder how much it could affect my CPU if I download it. I want to know if the project wouldn't be manipulated to get private information from computers that downloaded the program, so I want to check if the project requires certain permissions from the computers that downloaded the program.


#### Gil Yehuda

At the interview I learned a lot more about the current relationship between open source and businesses. I always wondered how and why businesses would accept open source, so this interview was a good thing for me. I agree that open source helps build trust between the developers and users, but also in how its beneficial in bringing in careers, by employers hiring developers who they see making the best contributions to their products while worrying less about salaries when the developers already contributed for free before getting hired. It also works as a trial for the contributer and a deciding factor on whether or not they should pursue this product. The interview was also important in giving advice to students like me that wants to know how to get into a programming career. I especially love the advice he gave us on rookie mistakes, such as always reading the README, or how one shouldn't publish another's code (or the company's code for sure) as if you made the code.
