---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

  For the semester project, my partner and I are still deciding on which project to do. At first we both thought that Godot would be a good project to contribute to, but then I got worried that I might not contribute much to the project because that project ran on C and C++, which were both languages that I wasn't completely skilled with. Although my partner seemed to have more experience with the programming language than me, I'm worried that I might lag behind and slow him down with the progress of the semester project. Also the Godot Engine project seemed like it's expecting help from more experienced contributors, judging by its CONTRIBUTING and README files. While friendly and inviting, they don't offer examples of ways to contribute. They instead notify the reader of any troubleshooting whenever they pull requests, commit or anything else relating to Git.
  I've been taking a Game Programming course this semester, and last class they showed an open source project called Itch.io. It functions as a distribution hub where beginner indie game developers share their game, or at least a demo of their game, to the internet community. Going through its repository, it seemed more straight-forward compared to the Godot engine's repository.

  For the installation of the development environment, I actually started with downloading the app of the project "itch". I want to be able to experience how the app functions before I could go on to install the actual development environment.
  However, while trying to install the app, I was met with some issues. One of the issues was that the app couldn't validate version 15.17.0 of butler, and there is a possibility that my antivirus was interfering with the installation. The installation manager also had an event log anyone can look at for technical details. It seemed that I had an outdated version of butler, or at least version that the app couldn't recognize. So the app attempted to install the latest version (15.17.0) of butler. As it was finished extracting, the installation timed out for waiting for butler to respond. It removed that version of butler and the event log ended with a report that the setup wasn't completed.
  As for forking the repositories of the projects, I'm still hesitant to fork into the main class repo. This is because I'm still unsure over which project that I would want to stick with for the semester. As of now I've forked two of the projects to my own repo and hopefully after testing out both repos, my partner and I will decide on which one we'll work on for the semester project.

  While testing out the Godot Engine I noticed, that even after I downloaded a sample game to test out the engine, it had some errors in presenting the assets and thus couldn't run the game properly. I think that's one issue to present. Some of the issues that I was considering for either project would be how the interface is presented and whether I could provide suggestions on changes to its visuals. Godot's interface is presentable and inviting to even novice users, but I feel like more can be added to make it less simplistic. At the same time more inviting to users. To be fair, I'm comparing the engine to Unity's interface. But to be honest, I feel like Godot's interface is more inviting than Unity's.
  I will make sure to filter the issues through tags. Some of the tags could be on the range of difficulty, whether or not it requires coding, and whether or not it requires visual updating.
  As for what I'm reading outside of the project, I want to keep practicing on the git commands, I'm studying more from the ProGit online textbook. I'm also looking for other sources for studying git commands.

