---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

For too long I was way behind on the Wikipedia contributions, and I am making sure to make four Wikipedia   
articles before April arrives. As of now I've made two edits on Wikipedia, each on a different article. The first   
two are actually minor edits that makes grammatical changes to some sentences in the articles. Before I made the    
edits, I was trying to find the articles to make edits in using the filter. At first I went to articles with a medium    
percentage of likelihood in containing wrong information, then I moved on to articles with the greatest likelihood in    
mistakes. While looking through the tutorial, I was wondering if wiki articles would have a specific type of code, like    
Markdown, used for writing the articles. It seems it does in the form of "Wikicode", though specifically for Wikipedia    
articles it's called Wikitext. Wikipedia also has a useful video teaching new contributers on how to edit articles.    
However, I noticed that the software for the video player doesn't appear as updated as newer video players. But I    
think this has to do with the budget focusing more on maintaining the site, as it is reliant on donations to keep it in    
the public's hands.   

As for Godot, my partners and I have been looking for issues. My partners were trying to look for issues using the 
issue tracker, while I focused on testing out the interface by testing out the templates the software provides. These    
templates are demos that come with the available scripts and sprites, so that users don't need to start from scratch    
when creating a game from the editor. I wanted to make sure each demo was being run without bugs. While most of    
the templates I tested didn't appear to contain any bugs, there were some issues I still had with some of the demos.    
For instance, there was a 3D game which was difficult for me to exit because it's camera was controlled by the    
mouse. I don't know if it's a bug or if it was lack of foresight, because while the game had the instruction of pressing    
F5 to exit, the button didn't do anything. I had to exit by pressing the Home button to access the Task Manager.    
Another issue I had, though a lot smaller, was how you can't open a new project without exiting Godot itself,    
although there is an option to create a new scene or to open an available one. I've also found a specific    
repository that's for proposals. I think it is best for our team to focus on this repository as a good first step   
in truly contributing to this project. 

Before Kevin Fleming's interview, I was wondering how open source programming contributes   
to Bloomberg, the company that he works as a CTO. It was interesting to hear him talk about how his department was   
responsible for a lot of essential data for most of New York City, in which many businesses in the city would depend    
on the department to provide them with tools for data gathering and analysis. There were more software that I learned 
about thanks to the talk he had, such as Chef, Jenkins, Vagrant and Zabbix. What was unexpected for me was how 
difficult it was for him to move from physical to remote while doing his job. At first, I assumed that since 
he works on computers it would be easier for him to work at home with his own personal desktop, until I realize 
that a personal desktop isn't a good place to store very essential data that you are providing for investors. 
Which makes me wonder if he had to set up SSH to continue working. But even then I was at least expecting the 
transition to be easier than other fields that requires more physical presense. It was interesting to hear his 
response on how the company would provide for the COVID-19 crisis. I'm wondering if branches besides the philanthropic 
branch will be impacted as I could see more of the industry switching its priorities in fighting the pandemic.

After reading the article on Reporting on Bugs, I felt it was important in how I am tracking the issues in the open 
source project my team chose to contribute. I noticed some problems while testing out the software, but I assumed 
it was because I didn't install something correctly, which was why I always ask my teammates to be sure if it was 
an actual bug or if it was my fault. I was more hesitant in notifying certain issues because I wondered if the issue   
was already covered and I would be redundant. But the urgency from the article on the importance on reporting the 
issues, at least made me more confident in at least notifying the core members of the project on my thoughts of 
what I consider issues. 



