
---
layout : post
title : Week 14
---

### End of the Semester

Looking back at my first blog post from the beginning of the semester to the present, I can say there were certain things that I didn't expect from this course and also things that I have learned. More importantly, I've learned a lot about GitHub and their methods of contribution. Before this course, I never realized the significance of GitHub and just thought it was another site to download some files that the author made public for the internet. But after this course, I can say that I actually enjoy the mechanics of Github. Admittedly learning about the mechanics such as pull requests, rebasing and remotes seemed intimidating when I was first learning. But after practicing Github, from the terminal and the browser, it became more easier. I've been dependent on using the browser in the beginning to make pull requests and other things because I was still trying to get the hang of Github. After easing into using the terminal to use Git, I began realizing how certain things are easier with the terminal. Such as making forks, merging, remotes and so on. I would sometimes use both methods in order to make contributions with Git. 

As for working with the terminal, I've realized certain things that are also parallel to my learning process with programming. My learning process with using both Git and Linux requires a lot of trial and error, such as searching up certain troubleshooting online. Once I figure out the error and I actually see some expected results when testing out certain things, it becomes much more enjoyable. But at the same time, while making contributions with Git via terminal, I was much more risk averse when testing out certain methods. Any mistake I make will not just affect me but also other contributors to a repository I forked from. It's the reason why remotes still worries me if I had to do it in the terminal instead of through the browser. But a lot of things I've learned such as forking, push and pull requests, branches and remotes, I'm really happy I learned. Branches are really useful I've come to realize, and so is rebasing and merging. And I was also really grateful we did the semester project in teams, because my teammates have been more than helpful whenever I have certain questions about a lecture.  

Admittedly, the hardest part about the semester was trying to find issues that I could tackle. And it was also there that I realized how much practice I need in software programming. It would explain why I decided to contribute via documentation, as it was more easier for me. Though my interactions with the community was responsive and I'm happy for all of the suggestions they gave me. I want to finish some of suggestions even after this course. And I also want to find more communities to contribute to, but more related to my interests. Overall, even though there were things that I wish I could do better, I still learned a lot from this course and I wish to make use of the things about Git with me into the future.
