---
layout : post
title : Week 11
---

#### Godot

  During this week I have been looking for issues to work on, and this time outside of the repository for the demos because there are more issues in the other repository I can look at. This Saturday, I have been looking at the godot-docs repository. One hypothetical issue I can resolve is helping redesign the documentations for a future version of Godot. On Sunday, one of my partners in my group (Nannaquin) found Godot issue #38217 and proceeded to work on it. He noticed that he ran into the same problem as the issuer did in that they shared an assumption about the code only to realize that only the code on his end could run it. Eventually he found out the issuer was using the wrong enum. My partner inspired me to keep looking more at the main godot repository, although before I have been once more looking into the demos repository for issues. Something I've noticed is that although the issues are open, sometimes the comments implies that the issue has already been resolved, or at least mostly resolved. So I had to take extra care to find issues make pull requests toward. 
  
#### Vicky Brasseur

  Vicky Brasseur was interesting in that, unlike the other interviews related to the open source field, she was the first to talk about the negatives of the field and her thoughts on how to improve it. She would criticize how some open source projects have documentations that don't clearly tell you what they expect from newcomers, and she also criticizes how sometimes open source field can be hostile to novices, or any contributers that aren't experienced with the type of tech they expected to be used for contribution. She noted that not every open source project carries along an elitist community, she said that there is a huge number that cannot be ignored. My thoughts on the matter is that while gatekeeping attitude does make sense because open source community would take their project seriously and thus be protective of the product despite being technically open for everyone, it's still important to have a balance on the gatekeeping. Rather instead of being elitist, the community, that Vicky criticizes, would understand that even the people inexperienced with some tech can be experienced in other fields that can be great contributions to the project.
  
#### COVID-19 Data Repository

So after looking at the data repository, I'm quite happy to see that something like this exists. Rather I'm glad to see an example of how the open source field is contributing in this current medical situation. I feel like if I have the time, or if I find new information about the virus, I would gladly want to contribute to it. Especially because it deals with mostly documentation which is a lot easier than fixing some bugs in a project. 

#### Code.gov

I'm surprised to learn that the US government has their own open source project. I guess it goes to show how much open source is being accepted as new way to distribute code to the masses and it's not just being accepted by private businesses. Judging by some of the open tasks I've seen, I feel like I could contribute to it. Some of the first open tasks I've seen as I open its page, are ones that asks for tagging in some images and fixing broken links. While it does have some expert levels of contribution, I feel like the open tasks are easier for me to resolve. Almost makes me wish I found this and took this as the semester project. I also really love how organized the page showcasing the open tasks are. On the left side it shows all the filter options in a really neat organized manner and it helps makes it feel inviting to anyone who wants to contribute to the project.
